Our assassination plan went so well
that Korosensei wound up in his Absolute Defense Form.
Then all this happened.
We can't rely on Korosensei for help.
We have to steal the remedy from the bad guys... alone.
Not counting the ten patients and the two left behind to care for them,
all capable students must sneak in from here,
get the jump on the guys at the top,
and steal that remedy!
It's too dangerous.
The ease with which he threatened us shows we're up against a real pro.
Yes. Perhaps it would be wisest simply to hand me over.
What do you think?
It's up to all of you.
But... This is...
It's too hard.
They'll plummet to their deaths before they get anywhere near the hotel.
I knew it. It's no use.
We have to send him with those two.
Nagisa-kun, Kayano-san.
I'm sorry, but—
Well, if you're worried about the rock climbing,
that much is a piece of cake.
It's nothing compared to our usual training.
Right?
But we haven't practiced fighting an unknown foe in an unknown hotel,
so, Karasuma-sensei...
It won't be easy, but could you lead our mission?
We'll make that jerk pay for messin' with us!
As you can see, they're no ordinary students.
You have a fifteen-member special forces unit at your command.
Fifteen?
Don't forget about me!
Now, there's not much time.
Attention!
Our objective is the top floor of the hotel at the summit!
Our mission will shift from a stealth infiltration to a surprise attack!
We'll use the same hand signals and link-ups from training!
The only difference is our target!
You have three minutes to memorize the map.
We begin at 2150!
Right!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode Pandemonium Time
Fifty... minutes left...
Don't get left behind!
Okano sure can move.
Yeah. She's got the rest of us beat when it comes to gymnastics.
On the other hand, with our teachers...
One guy has to carry the rest. Literally.
Too shaky! Climb more carefully! Ugh!
Karasuma!
The students all have exceptional balance.
I have them climb the mountain behind the school.
I see. No wonder they had those flyboards down pat.
Shut up and climb already!
My hands are getting tired!
Why did Bitch-sensei come again?
She didn't want to be left out.
I wouldn't mind... if she wasn't such a dead weight.
Karma-kun, wait!
I'd like to, but we're kind of on a schedule here.
You're right.
Let's do this!
Mind the sharp rock.
Huh?
Oh, that was close.
Make it snappy!
What, are those biceps just for show?
Still...
If this guy knows about Korosensei, who could he be?
Ritsu, run a final check of our invasion route.
Yes, sir. Displaying interior map.
Final check:
We can't use the elevators, as they require a passcard for every floor.
We'll have to take the stairs,
but they're scattered throughout the hotel,
so we'll have to cover some distance on foot.
It's like a TV station.
What do you mean?
Apparently they have complex layouts to prevent a terrorist takeover.
You sure know a lot about it.
No wonder the bad guys love staying here.
Unlocking side entrance.
Let's go. We're running out of time.
Yes, sir!
There are more guards than I expected.
It'd be too difficult for us all to get past.
Should only a few of us go on from here?
No, the chance of facing multiple enemies makes it too risky.
What should we do?
What's the holdup? Just go on through.
Do you have any idea of the situation here, Bitch-sensei?
How are we supposed to make it past all those guards?
Just go through!
Grin.
I'm sorry.
I seem to have had too much of the liquor in my room.
Oh, er, think nothing of it, miss.
I'm the pianist scheduled to perform here next week.
I came early to see the sights.
A pianist, eh?
We get 'em all the time.
I'd like to see if the piano's in tune. It'll help me sober up.
Could I play a teensy little bit, hmm?
Well, uh... Let me check with the front—
Aw, come on.
I want you to hear me play.
And then critique me.
C-Critique you?
Yes, critique me carefully...
and if I do anything wrong, will you scold me?
She's... She's freakin' amazing!
Ah, the Fantaisie-Impromptu.
An assassin who not only has obvious skill, but also knows all too well
how to charm, how to use her wiles...
Using her whole body in such a bewitching way as she plays:
it's aural seduction!
All eyes are on her.
C'mon, don't watch from so far away.
Come closer and make sure I do well.
I'll buy you twenty minutes. Go.
Even we were spellbound,
thinking what a beautiful teacher we had.
We all made it through!
Isn't Bitch-sensei something?
Playing like that with those nails?
She never said anything about being able to play.
There's more to her than what you see every day.
The better the assassin, the broader her skill set.
The woman who's been teaching you conversation skills
is amongst the top one or two masters of seduction in the world.
So my current immobility won't be a problem.
Let's go!
Uh-huh!
Don't let them get the better of you.
Fukuma Denjo Hotel Fukuma Denjo Hotel Current Location
Current Location Display Route Display Route
All right.
Now that we're past the heavy security at the entrance,
CURRENT LOCATION 3rd Floor Corridor
3rd Floor Corridor
m 135 945 l 135 895.5 495 895.5 516 907.5 516 966 168 966
m 120 870 l 492 870 528 894 528 984 168 984 120 960
we should be able to pose as regular guests.
Guests? Do they put up groups of junior-high kids here?
Plenty, from what I've heard.
The coddled kids of millionaires and celebrities.
Brought up like decadent royalty,
they keep innocent faces while dabbling in darker pursuits.
Right! So walk around acting like those kids,
looking down your noses at the whole world!
Yes, that's the way!
Is it, now?
And don't you join in!
However, we have no idea what our opponent looks like.
He might attack while posing as a regular guest like us.
Proceed with plenty of caution.
Natch!
Sorry, Okuda... Takebayashi.
I-It's okay.
Their fevers are so high.
At the very least, we need to cool their heads down to avoid brain damage.
G-Got it.
Um... Could a virus this powerful spread throughout the island?
Probably not. I mean, we're okay, right?
It's likely to be transmitted orally.
It'd have to be mixed into food or drink or something.
I doubt there's any risk of it spreading to a random bystander.
I told the other team that, too.
A virus given to us and us alone...
But when? And where?
Fukuma Denjo: Corridor to 3rd Floor Central Hall
m 136.5 948 l 136.5 895.5 963 895.5 985.5 910.5 985.5 969 171 969
m 120 870 l 960 870 999 894 999 987 168 987 120 960
CURRENT LOCATION
It really is like we're all just regular guests.
If anything, they avoid eye contact.
No one wants to cause any trouble, after all.
I originally thought we'd have to take on everyone in the hotel,
but it looks like we can just stroll up to the top floor.
And if something does happen... 3rd Floor Central Hall
3rd Floor Central Hall
m 135 945 l 135 895.5 495 895.5 516 907.5 516 966 168 966
m 120 870 l 492 870 532.5 894 532.5 984 168 984 120 960
CURRENT LOCATION
our point man, Karasuma-sensei, is looking out for all of us.
It'll be a cinch now that we're inside!
Stay alert.
We don't have time to play around. Let's do this!
Hey!
Terasaka-kun! Watch out!
Gas?!
Karasuma-sensei!
How could you tell?
I kill in passing without the slightest hint of bloodlust.
That happens to be my specialty, Helmet Hair.
Aren't you the man who gave us our welcome drinks?
Please enjoy this tropical juice with our compliments.
Fuwa-san!
It's downright fishy for someone like that to be walking around in here!
She's right!
You've got a good eye.
Then was it you who gave everyone that virus?
That's a pretty flimsy accusation.
There would have been plenty of other opportunities to slip you that stuff.
The only time we all ate or drank the same thing
was with those drinks and our shipboard dinner.
But Mimura-kun and Okajima-kun worked on the video right through dinner, and they're both sick,
which narrows it down to those daytime drinks.
And that means...
the culprit is you, mister!
That's amazing, Fuwa-san!
You were just like a detective!
When you read a lot of shounen manga,
you learn to adjust quickly to unusual situations.
Magazine and Sunday are chock-full of detective manga hits!
What about Jump?
Huh? Jump's detective stuff?
I don't really know, but they're putting out a compilation.
The solution to this mystery is already on the tip of my tongue.
Better pick one up!
I get tortured nonstop!
Neuro Nougami, the mystery-solving demon. Matsui Yuusei's debut title! 12 compilation volumes now available!
That's the kind of manga this is.
That's nasty!
Be more subtle with the product placement, Fuwa-san!
Pay more attention to ethics in marketing!
I guess even if you've found me out, it's already too late.
A poisoner, eh?
And quite skilled in practical application.
My very own paralysis gas for indoor use.
One whiff can bring down an elephant.
Fresh air neutralizes it, leaving no evidence behind.
Now, it's plain to see you have no intention of honoring our arrangement.
Negotiations have broken down.
Guess I'll have to tell my boss.
They're fast!
When did they block the exits?!
When encountering an enemy...
...immediately block their retreat path...
...and cut off communications!
Isn't that right, Karasuma-sensei?
The minute you saw us, you should've held off attacking
and gone back to tell your boss.
I'm surprised you can still talk.
But all you have left is a bunch of kids.
Once you're dead,
they'll stop following orders and just run away!
S-So strong... And such inhuman speed...
But y'know, Terrifying Teach...
your command...
ends... right... here!
Ka—
Karasuma-sensei!
You can't keep going like this, Karasuma-sensei.
I'll be fine in half an hour.
Don't do anything crazy.
He's the crazy one. That gas was supposed to stop an elephant in its tracks!
Karasuma-sensei's kind of a monster himself.
A pro with both experience and know-how is really something.
And that's the kind of pro waiting for us up ahead.
Can we beat him with our power alone?
Man, it sure is starting to feel like summer vacation, am I right?
Well, aren't you happy-go-lucky!
Says the only one who's absolutely safe!
Nagisa, twirl him around till he's sick!
Okay, Terasaka, I'm jamming him in. Drop trou and spread those cheeks!
That'd kill me!
Korosensei, why does this feel like summer?
The teacher-student relationship isn't a cozy one.
Summer vacation fosters student independence in places beyond a teacher's protection.
If you apply the lessons you've learned in your usual gym classes,
there will be few enemies for you to fear.
This is your assassination vacation... and you can beat it.
Start with a rich seafood stock.
Add plenty of green onions and a spoon of minced garlic...
and a gun!
Gotta love a souped-up gun!
And when the soup trickles through the rifling... That's good eatin'!
Well, it makes my blood run cold.
That gun's loaded, right?
Don't worry. I'll be careful.
And it'll be just fine when it comes to shootin', too.
I tend to it every night like it's my very own baby boy.
The most delicious gun on any given day is the one that suits me best.
It's kinda like my rule of thumb.
You're a weird one, all right.
Are your two buddies the same way?
Yeah, well...
When you've pulled off as many jobs as we have,
you tend to develop your own little obsessions.
For example, Smog makes all his own poisons.
He's so insistent on fine-tuning them for practical use
that he even made his own lab.
Huh. And the third?
What about Grip?
Well...
5th Floor Scenic Walkway 5th Floor Scenic Walkway
m 135 945 l 135 895.5 495 895.5 516 907.5 516 966 168 966
m 120 870 l 492 870 532.5 894 532.5 984 168 984 120 960
CURRENT LOCATION
Even as assassins go, that one's an odd duck.
Hey, why's he just standing out in the open like that?
That vibe he's giving off...
Oh, yeah. I can totally call it now.
When it comes down to it, he's a killer.
A scenic walkway with an unobstructed view!
Forget a surprise attack or strength in numbers.
Damn it. I wish I had a gun with real bullets.
I never thought I'd need one here on this island.
What a drag-eth.
I can tell-eth from your footsteps that you're not tough enough for me.
And they said some special-forces teacher was tak-eth-ing the lead, too.
I guess Smog's gas must've gotten-eth the better of him.
Probably killed-eth each other at the same time.
Come on out, hm.
He cracked the window with his bare hand!
B-But more than that...
We're all too afraid to say it, but... well...
You sure like adding "eth" to things, buddy!
There it is! Thank goodness for Karma!
I heard it had a cool old-fashioned sound to it, like-eth a samurai.
It's got a cool ring to it, so I'm try-eth-ing it out.
Oh, so he's a foreigner.
I might-eth be doing it wrong, but that's okay.
After I kill you all here,
I can drop-eth the "eth" and no one will ever know.
Bare hands... Are those your killing tools, then?
My skills are actually in quite high demand, you know-eth.
Passing through pat-downs is quite the advantage, after all-eth.
When my prey draws close, I snap-eth their necks.
Or if the fancy strikes me, I crush-eth their skulls.
It's funny, you know-eth.
The more you train-eth your strength for the purpose of killing people,
the more you feel-eth like using it for something other than assassination.
To be-eth precise, a fight,
to the death, against-eth a mighty foe.
But this is quite-eth the letdown.
After seeing who I'm up against, I've all but lost-eth my will to fight.
Not to mention, it's a pain to mop-eth up a bunch of small fry by myself.
I'll call in my boss and my colleague to help-eth out.
Hey, buddy. Chill-eth.
You seem pretty average for a pro, huh?
Breaking glass, busting skulls?
I can do that much.
But if your opening move is to call in reinforcements,
I guess that means you're too scared to take on a junior-high kid alone.
No! Don't be reckless!
Stop right there, Karasuma-sensei.
His chin is down.
So far he's been showing off his swagger with his chin in the air,
looking down on his opponents.
But this is different.
His words may be as rough as ever,
but his eyes are looking straight ahead, alertly observing his foe head-on.
He'd been lying low ever since finals,
but it seems he's learned well from his failures.
Very well-eth.
Let's see what you can do-eth.
Give this everything you've got.
You're facing one high wall: an adult!
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
The left hand plays sextuplets, while the right hand plays octuplets.
The two incompatible rhythms weave together a breathtaking melody.
That's the Fantaisie-Impromptu.
You want to know how to become a great woman?
You should at least know how to play a Chopin piece, Kaede.
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Karma Time, 2nd Period.
Episode Karma Time 2nd Period